breaking: remove built-ins from `@cypress/webpack-batteries-included-preprocessor` (#31738)
cypress-io/cypress: npm/webpack-batteries-included-preprocessor/README.md

}
```

> As for version `4.x.x`, webpack built-ins are no longer shipped by default with `@cypress/webpack-batteries-included-preprocessor`. If you need to install built-ins, you can always get the default `@cypress/webpack-batteries-included-preprocessor` webpack options the preprocessor ships with and decorate them:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As of version `4.x.x`, `@cypress/webpack-batteries-included-preprocessor` no longer includes Webpack built-ins by default. If your project requires them, you can retrieve the preprocessor's default Webpack options and decorate them as needed.
```
